**Captain’s Debrief:**\
Good evening detectives, as you may have known, a month ago, a woman named Emily William was killed in her own house, surrounded by her family. For the past few weeks, our officers have been hard at work collecting evidence to figure out what exactly happened, and who exactly is to blame for this tragedy. As of right now, we still do not have concrete clues to tie anyone to the murder. Unfortunately, the DA wants the case handled as soon as possible, so we need to find out who the true culprit by sunrise. I know this is a lot to ask of you all, but we need a confession out of one of the suspects. All of you will be provided with a case file that details all that we have on the case, make sure you use it. Everything on there is hard evidence and can be considered as facts. Connor, you will be interrogating the Maid. Huy, I need you to take a crack at the older Mr. William again. And someone makes sure Mrs. William doesn’t break down crying in the interrogation room again, the janitor’s been complaining about not having enough mops to clean up that pool of tears. *Everyone leaves the room*.
So, you’re the only one left. Listen, you have been on the case the longest, and between us, I also suspect the Brother, Jason. He’s the only one who could’ve done it in my opinion. Since I know you suspect the same, I’ll let you handle this kid. However, Harvey Specter, the family lawyer, lives about 30 minutes away, and he’ll start driving the moment you ask this kid a question. We are kind of lucky he is not already here, because the kid's dad is frankly still too shaken to think about calling him. Despite what has gone down, Jason is definitely the calmest of them all, which is strange considering his sister was just murdered. Just remember, we need a confession, ASAP. You can find inconsistencies and point it out to him or play bad cop and intimidate him. Whatever you do with him, make sure you get him to admit it before the lawyer gets here. He will be a lot more tight-lipped if the Lawyer has him on leash. Get to it, detective.  

**Goal:**\
The force considers everyone to be a probable culprit. You, the Detective, on the other hand, firmly believes that Jason William is the murderer.
Even with the evidence, there is no direct link to indict him, as anyone could have poisoned the cup. Even though motivation may be clear, the Lawyer is good enough that Jason will walk free without a straight confession.
Learning the suspect’s behaviour and get him to confess intentionally or accidentally is the key.
Harvey Specter is the Williams family's lawyer. He’s the best lawyer money can buy. If you fuck up questioning, he might arrive to defend the suspect.

**Background:**\
Family of 4, the Mom (Catherine William), Peter (Peter William), the Sister (the Victim, Emily William) and the Older Brother (the Suspect, Jason William)
Peter William is filthy rich.
Peter William hosted a dinner party on Thursday night to make a surprise announcement. 
Emily was poisoned to death, deadly amount of poison was found in the cup assigned to her. Emily dropped dead right before Peter made the announcement.
As everybody present is a potential suspect, nobody was told the true cause of murder.